List of Attack on Titan characters

Article
Talk
Read
Edit
View history

Tools
Appearance hide
Text

Small

Standard

Large
Width

Standard

Wide
Color (beta)

Automatic

Light

Dark
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Attack on Titan series feature an extensive cast of fictional characters created by Hajime Isayama. The story is set in a world where humanity lives in cities surrounded by enormous walls; a defense against the Titans, gigantic humanoids that eat humans seemingly without reason. The story initially centers on Eren Yeager with his childhood friends Mikasa Ackerman and Armin Arlert, who join the military to fight the Titans after their home town is invaded and Eren's mother is eaten. They are part of the 104th Training Corps, whose graduates assume different positions in the Military, including the Garrison Regiment, the Survey Corps and the Military Police Brigade. It is later revealed that the area where the Walls are located is called Paradis (パラディ, Paradi) and that it is the last territory of Eldia (エルディア, Erudia). There are other nations outside the walls of their mother womb, namely Marley (マーレ, Māre) which has infiltrated Paradis.

Main characters
Eren Yeager (エレン・イェーガー, Eren Yēgā, alt. "Eren Jaeger")
Main article: Eren Yeager
The main protagonist of the series who, after witnessing his mother being devoured by a Titan while escaping his hometown as a young boy, dedicates his life to their eradication and joins the Survey Corps. After graduating fifth in his cadet class, he is swallowed by a bearded Titan during his first mission in Trost.[vol. 1] However, he soon reappears as a 15-meter (49 ft) Titan who fights other Titans on equal ground.[vol. 1, 2] Later on this is revealed to be because his father had killed the Reiss family and passed down the power of the Founding Titan and Attack Titan to Eren by having him eat him. Eren's ability as a Titan makes him the target of multiple parties that include those who see him as a tool to eradicate the Titans, other humans who can become Titans, and those who perceive Eren as a rebellion-inducing threat to the status quo.[vol. 2, 3] Placed into the Survey Corps' Special Operations Squad, he attempts to control his Titan-changing ability and discovers he has other abilities as well. In the final arc, Eren, in order to fulfill his own corrupted view of freedom, unleashes millions of Colossal Titans in a genocidal crusade against the rest of the world that wipes out 80% of humanity. The Survey Corps and Marleyan Warriors unite to stop him, and Mikasa is ultimately forced to kill him. Prior to the battle, Eren explains to Armin in the Paths why he went through with his actions, as well as admits to having feelings for Mikasa and wanting to be with her and their friends. Despite Armin's pleas, Eren states he must die for his sins. Mikasa returns to Shiganshina with his head, where he is buried under the same tree he used to nap. Over time, the tree grew to resemble the tree where the organism that granted Ymir her Titan power lived.[1] Author Hajime Isayama stated that Eren's Titan form's physique was modeled after middleweight mixed martial artist Yushin Okami.[2][3]
Eren is voiced by Yuki Kaji in Japanese,[GB p.19] and by Bryce Papenbrook in the English dub.[4] In the live-action film, Eren is portrayed by Haruma Miura & Ryota Ozawa.[5]
Mikasa Ackerman (ミカサ・アッカーマン, Mikasa Akkāman, alt. "Mikasa Ackermann")
Main article: Mikasa Ackerman
Mikasa is Eren's childhood friend who was taken in by his family after seeing her parents brutally murdered by human traffickers. She is shown to feel a strong sense of gratitude toward them, especially Eren, who had saved her life and given her his scarf. Her parents' tragic deaths had an overwhelming influence on her, causing her to lose her innocence and realize the world's cruelty. This caused her personality to become more quiet and withdrawn, maintaining a stoic expression except when it comes to Eren and her friends.[GB p. 36] Mikasa joins Eren in the Survey Corps, determined to ensure his safety. She graduates from the Training Corps at the top of her class,[ch. 2] and is regarded by officers as an unprecedented genius and prodigy.[vol. 3, 4] As later revealed, this is due to Mikasa's father being a descendant of the Ackerman clan, an Eldian bloodline that was genetically modified to create super soldiers equal to a Titan in strength, originally designed to protect Eldia's king. When under duress, these genetically inherited abilities may allow a descendant access to their ancestors' battle experience. Mikasa's instincts were first awakened in the aftermath of her parents' deaths when Eren urged her to 'fight' back against her kidnappers.[ch. 6][ep 6] Though technically half-blooded, she is also the last known person of Asian descent residing in the Walls. A wrist tattoo inherited from her mother indicates that she is descended from the prominent Azumabito family (アズマビト家, Azumabito-ke), a cadet Shogun branch from the Oriental nation of Hizuru (ヒィズル, Hyizuru), whose ancestors migrated from their native land to Paradis as honored ambassadors.[ch. 6][ep 6][GB p.39] While investigating Marley's volunteer soldiers with the Survey Corps, Eren lies to Mikasa that he has always hated her for being a slave to her Ackermann blood and being "forced" to protect him. In turn, she becomes despondent and removes her scarf from her neck. While still caring for Eren, Mikasa decides to join the alliance to stop Eren's planned genocide on the world. In the climax against Eren's forces, Mikasa is brought into Paths by Eren, showing her an alternate scenario where she and Eren ran away together following their conversation in Marley. Eren comforts her, but asks she forget about him once he is dead. Returning to reality, Mikasa refuses, and ultimately kills him to save humanity. She collects his head and returns it to Shiganshina to bury it under the tree. She continues to visit his grave until her own death many years later. In the author's blog, her name is noted to come from the Mikasa, a famous pre-dreadnought battleship of the Imperial Japanese Navy.[6]
Armin Arlert (アルミン・アルレルト, Arumin Arureruto, alt. "Armin Arlelt")
Armin is Eren's and Mikasa's other childhood friend. His parents tried to venture beyond the Wall by creating a hot air balloon but were found out and killed by the First Interior Squad of the Military Police, leaving Armin to be raised by his grandfather. Armin's grandfather secretly possessed an illegal book containing information about the world beyond the Walls, which Armin was fascinated by and showed to Eren, kindling their desire to see the outside world. After the fall of Wall Maria, Armin's grandfather was sent along with 1/5 of the population (mostly Wall Maria refugees) on a high-risk operation to "reclaim Wall Maria" and died, leaving Armin an orphan. After joining the Training Corps with Eren and Mikasa, Armin initially had an inferiority complex regarding how he fell behind his companions in combat and endurance, but his confidence slowly grew as he realized he could use his brain and strategic abilities to help them.[ep 10] During a battle in Shiganshina, Armin comes up with a plan to capture Bertolt but is mortally wounded from the severe burns he sustained.[ch. 82] Levi saves Armin by injecting him with Titan serum instead of Erwin, and Armin then acquires the Colossal Titan's power by eating Bertolt.[ch. 84] After investigating the Volunteers to learn Zeke and Eren's intentions, he is imprisoned in Shiganshina district by the Yeagerists. During the Marleyan ambush, he battles Pieck, before becoming horrified upon learning Eren's intentions to utilize the full Rumbling. After initially struggling with survivor's guilt, he joins the alliance to stop Eren from destroying all life outside Paradis, and later, after Hange's death, became the 15th commander of the Survey Corps. During the battle of Heaven and Earth, he was devoured by an Okapi Titan and entered the Paths, where he convinced Zeke to surrender his life to stop the Rumbling and gained the cooperation of past Titan shifters. Later, Armin was brought into the Paths by Eren, who revealed his true motivations. In the anime, Armin chastises Eren for his actions, before eventually comforting him before the memory ends. After Eren's death, he was appointed alongside others from Paradis and Marley as an ambassador for peace.
Armin is voiced by Marina Inoue in Japanese,[GB p.20][ep 1] and Jessie James Grelle in the English dub.[7] In the live-action feature film, Kanata Hongō plays Armin. Inoue describes Armin as "withdrawn but slowly grows to the point where he's able to say what he believes".[GB p.20]
Reiner Braun (ライナー・ブラウン, Rainā Buraun)
Reiner is a member of the Marleyan military's Warrior Unit and is the holder of the Armored Titan (鎧の巨人, Yoroi no Kyojin).[vol. 10-11] As the leader of the infiltration unit responsible for Marley's opening offensive against the Walls on the island of Paradis,[ch. 96] he serves as one of the main antagonists for most of the story. Reiner is introduced as a cadet of the 104th Training Corps who graduates 2nd in his class.[ch. 2] Described by instructor Keith Shadis as being strong as an ox and a natural leader, he quickly earns the trust of the Paradisian Survey Corps and infiltrated their ranks.[GB p.56-57]
As a child, Reiner joined Marley's Warrior Unit so he and his Eldian mother could become honorary Marleyans and be reunited with his Marleyan father.[ch. 96] Despite being rejected by his birth father, the fanatical patriotism instilled in him by his mother motivates him to move forward with his mission to capture the Founding Titan (aka: the "Coordinate") from Paradis Island.[ch. 95] When the group leader, Marcel, is unexpectedly eaten during their journey, Reiner assumes command over the remaining two Warriors, Annie and Bertolt. They flood Shiganshina with rampaging 'Pure Titans' by destroying the outer gate of the District then breaking through the gate at Wall Maria.[ch. 96] They then disguise themselves as refugees and join the masses of people within Wall Rose before joining the Paradisian military.[vol. 4] Unable to pinpoint the Coordinate's location, Reiner orchestrates an attack on Wall Rose to root out its holder.[ch. 97] Upon witnessing Eren transform into a titan during the ensuing battle of Trost, Reiner suspects him of possessing the Coordinate and tasks Annie with his capture.[ep 16.5A] However, the plan ultimately ends in failure[ch. 30] and Annie is taken captive.[ch. 33] As Marley launches another offensive against Paradis, Reiner divulges his mission to Eren and begs him to leave Paradis with him and Bertolt to prevent further bloodshed. When Eren refuses, Reiner and Bertolt transform and attempt to extract him by force. However, they are thwarted by the rest of the Survey Corps and are forced to retreat, taking with them fellow corps member Ymir instead. Reiner and Bertolt regroup with Zeke Yeager, holder of the Beast Titan, and his forces consisting of Pure Titans. In the Battle of Shiganshina, Reiner is defeated but rescued by Zeke and his allies.[ch. 82]
Later, in the Year 854, Reiner is revealed to have become disillusioned with his cause after watching so many of his comrades die in vain for Marley's expansionism. While visiting with his family, he attempts suicide after hearing his unit will once again be sent back to Paradis to seize the Coordinate, but changes his mind in order to protect the young Warrior Candidates. When Eren attacks Liberio and its inhabitants, Reiner fights against his old "friend" while saving the lives of fellow Warriors Porco Galliard and Falco Grice.[ch. 104] Afterwards, he plans an assault on Paradis with the goal of forever neutralizing Eren as a threat. However, the operation ultimately ends in disaster when Eren begins the Rumbling. While temporarily driven to despair, he finds a new sense of purpose upon being invited by his cousin, Gabi, and the remains of the Survey Corps to lend them his support in stopping Eren. In the Battle of Heaven and Earth, Reiner engages in battle with countless Titans, and with the help of the alliance, defeats Eren and eradicates the Titans from this world. As a result, he loses his Armored Titan powers and was able to return to living a long life as a human. Three years later, he heads to Paradis Island along with Armin and the Alliance as ambassadors for peace.
In a post on his blog, author Hajime Isayama stated that the Armored Titan's physique was based on that of WWE wrestler and former UFC fighter Brock Lesnar.[8] In 2017, Isayama announced in an interview with Illustration Magazine that Reiner was now a "main protagonist" character.[9] Reiner is voiced by Yoshimasa Hosoya in the Japanese anime.[10] Robert McCollum provides his voice in the English version.[7]
Paradis
Paradis (パラディ, Paradi) is a massive island on which the three Walls are located. It became the last territory of the Empire of Eldia (エルディア, Erudia) after the Great Titan War and hosts refugees mainly consisting of ethnic Eldians. The island is modeled after Madagascar.

The military within the Walls is divided into three divisions: the Garrison Regiment, the Survey Corps, and the Military Police Brigade. It is commanded by Darius Zachary, the premier of the government. Applicants into the Military are first required to enter the Training Corps, after which they are allowed to join one of the three divisions.

Darius Zackly (ダリス・ザックレー, Darisu Zakkurē, alt. "Dhalis Zachary")
Darius is the commander-in-chief of the military and a premier. He first appears at Eren's tribunal where he assigns Eren to the custody of the Survey Corps after his identity as a Titan is revealed.[ch. 18] After it was shown that the ruling nobles would abandon the people of Wall Rose should it be breached by Titans following a bold ploy by the Survey Corps, he pledges to support Erwin's plan to overthrow the monarchy and the true leading family, the Reiss family. Subsequently, the First Interior Squad in the castle was restrained by Darius's men and the noblemen on Rod Reiss's side were detained.[vol. 15] In the Japanese anime, he is voiced by Hideaki Tezuka. In the Funimation version, his name is spelled Dhalis Zachary and he is voiced by John Swasey.[ep 14]
104th Training Corps
The Training Corps (訓練兵団, Kunren Heidan) is the branch of the military dedicated to training and educating new recruits to become members of the three military branches. Only the top ten graduates are permitted the privilege of applying to the Military Police Brigade and living within the Inner District. The other graduates can only choose between joining the Survey Corps or the Garrison Regiment. The Training Corps insignia is a crossing pair of swords.

The 104th Training Corps (第104期訓練兵団, Dai-hyakuyon-ki Kunren Heidan, alt. "104th Cadet Corps") is the only graduating class introduced in the series and the southern division contains nearly all of the central characters. It was active during the years 847 through 850 when the remaining recruits graduated. In the manga, the top ten cadets were listed by their individual ranks[ch. 2], but in the anime, the top ten are recognized as a group, along with Armin and Ymir.[ep 4]

Keith Shadis (キース・シャーディス, Kīsu Shādisu, alt. "Keith Sadies")
The instructor who is in charge of training the 104th Corps recruits. His face and head are cleanly shaven except for a patch of beard beneath his chin.[vol. 4] Before the fall of Wall Maria in the year 845, he became the 12th Commander of the Survey Corps and struggled to establish a base beyond the Walls, with no success. Following a particularly taxing expedition he suffered a mental breakdown and resigned his post to his successor, Erwin Smith, becoming the first commander to pass on his position without dying. He was close friends with Eren's parents; especially his mother, Carla, whom he secretly loved.[ch. 71] He was also the one to discover Eren deep in the forest after the Fall of Shiganshina, immediately following the moment when Eren's father passed on his Titan abilities to his son, and brought him back to safety.
In the Japanese anime, he is voiced by Tsuguo Mogami. In the Funimation English dub, his surname is spelled Sadies, but pronounced "Shardis". Patrick Seitz provides the voice.[ep 2]
Jean Kirstein (ジャン・キルシュタイン, Jan Kirushutain, alt. "Jean Kirschtein")
A hot-headed young man who speaks his mind, he initially planned to join the Military Police in order to live safely within Wall Sheena and manages to graduate within the top ten of his class, ranking sixth.[ch. 2, 3] He and Eren have opposing ideals; Jean thinks Eren is suicidal for wanting to join the Survey Corps and fight on the front lines, and throughout the manga has a simmering rivalry with him.[vol. 4] In the battle of Trost, he leads a group of recruits to preserve the safety of the supply house, but is shaken that his decision led to the deaths of some of his comrades.[vol. 2] After his close friend Marco dies, he changes his mind about joining the Military Police and joins the Survey Corps instead.[ch. 18] Jean later rises to become a commanding officer in the Survey Corps, and leads ground operations during the Raid on Liberio.[vol. 26] He later intensely struggles with whether or not to stop the Rumbling or accept it and enjoy life in the Interior, but chooses to abandon his dream for the sake of saving the world, as he doesn't want his fallen comrades, particularly Marco, to be disappointed in him.[vol. 31] Jean later joins the Alliance in the Battle of Heaven and Earth, fighting alongside Pieck and Connie, and becomes one of the final survivors of the series. He becomes an ambassador of peace of the Alliance. Isayama has said that Jean was one of his favorite characters because he says what he thinks.[3][GB p.44-45] Jean also harbors jealousy toward Eren because of Jean's apparent infatuation with Mikasa; it is heavily implied that Jean has a crush on Mikasa.
Jean is voiced by Kishō Taniyama in the Japanese anime. In the Funimation English version, his last name is spelled Kirschtein and he is voiced by Mike McFarland.[11] In the live-action film, he is portrayed by Takahiro Miura.[5]
Marco Bott (マルコ・ボット, Maruko Botto, alt. "Marco Bodt")
Ranked seventh of the trainee class, Marco is from the Jinae District and becomes close friends with Armin and Jean.[ch. 2] He was known to be a "goody-two-shoes" and aspired to join the Military Police so he could serve King Fritz, only to end up being killed under mysterious circumstances near the end of the battle of Trost.[ch. 3, 15][vol. 4] It is later revealed that it was due to him inadvertently overhearing Bertolt and Reiner talking about their Marleyan mission. Reiner tackles him and gives his vertical gear to Annie before leaving him to be partially consumed by a titan. Annie later uses his gear to cover up her killing of the captive Pure Titans, Sawney and Bean. Marco's death has a huge impact on Jean who subsequently abandoned his selfish attitude, as well as Reiner and Annie themselves, who still feel guilty about causing his death.[vol. 8][GB p.60-61][ch. 77]
Marco is voiced by Ryōta Ōsaka in Japanese.[10] In the English dub, his name is spelled Marco Bodt and he is voiced by Austin Tindle.[11]
Connie Springer (コニー・スプリンガー, Konī Supuringā, alt. "Conny Springer"[11])
Connie hails from the Ragako District of Wall Rose.[ch. 15] He sports a buzz cut[ch. 2] and has an outgoing and upbeat personality, always trying his best to keep his teammates pumped up and not shying away from encounters with Titans.[ch. 3] His training instructor describes him as having a good sense of balance and performing well with the vertical maneuvering equipment, but that he also has a slow mind and makes strategic mistakes.[ch. 18] He is very close friends with Sasha Blouse. Having ranked eighth in his class,[ch. 2] he initially plans to join the Military Police but changes his mind after hearing Eren's speech,[ch. 3] and eventually joins the Survey Corps.[ch. 21][GB p.46-47] Later, his village is decimated by the Beast Titan and all of its inhabitants are turned into Pure Titans, including his mother. Connie ends up kidnapping Falco in an attempt to save his mother, but changes his mind last minute and saves Armin. Connie is traumatized when he kills his close friends Daz and Samuel to stop them from blowing up the flying boat. He is turned into a titan in the final battle of Heaven and Earth, but is saved when Eren is killed and is able to reunite with his mother. He is one of the final survivors of the series. He later joins the Alliance as an ambassador of peace.
Connie is voiced by Hiro Shimono in the Japanese dub of the anime.[10] In the Funimation dub, his name is spelled Conny Springer and he is voiced by Clifford Chapin.[11]
Sasha Blouse (サシャ・ブラウス, Sasha Burausu, alt. "Sasha Braus")
Sasha is a hunter from the mountainous Dauper District.[ch. 15] She is tall and lean, and her auburn hair is styled in a ponytail.[ch. 2] She is noted as a proficient hunter skilled with a bow and has remarkable hearing and instincts, but she also has issues with structure and authority.[vol. 4] She seems obsessed with food and was nicknamed "Potato Girl" (芋女, Imo Onna) for eating one during a military training drill.[12][GB p.60] She joins the military after getting into an argument with her father when he tells her they must give up their traditional hunting lifestyle in the forest in favor of farming to support the large number of refugees moving to the area after the fall of Wall Maria.[ch. 36][GB p.48-49] She manages to become a member of Captain Levi's Elite Squad with a number of her fellow 104th compatriots. While withdrawing from Liberio during her group's attack on Marley to acquire both the Warhammer Titan's power and Zeke, Sasha is fatally wounded when shot in the chest by a stowaway Gabi and utters "Meat" with her dying breath.[ch. 105] She is later revealed to have formed a close friendship, implied to be a romantic, with a Marleyan prisoner of war turned chef named Nicolo. In a blog published by Isayama, Sasha was named after the British actor and comedian Sacha Baron Cohen to make her character more comedic.[13][14]
In the Japanese anime, Sasha is voiced by Yū Kobayashi.[10] In the Funimation English version, her family's name is spelled Braus and she is voiced by Ashly Burch in Seasons 1-3 and by Megan Shipman in the Final Season.[11] In the live-action film, she is portrayed by Nanami Sakuraba.[5]
Krista Lenz (クリスタ・レンズ, Kurisuta Renzu, alt. "Christa Lenz")
A petite girl who is described as friendly, warm-hearted,[ch. 16][vol. 5:profiles] and popular to the point where her peers regard her as a goddess. Her fellow comrade Ymir and even Reiner are both noted to be very fond of her.[GB p.50-51][ch. 24, 39] Her true identity is Historia Reiss (ヒストリア・レイス, Hisutoria Reisu), the illegitimate child of Rod Reiss[ch. 41-42], the true King of Eldia. She lived on a farm owned by the Reiss family within Wall Rose, during which time she only had minimal interaction with her mother. Most notably a failed attempt to connect with her ended with her mother wishing that she had the courage to kill her child, and later on when her mother was killed by Rod's elite squad led by Kenny Ackerman, after the fall of Wall Maria, telling Historia that she wished she had never been born. Before Historia herself was killed, Rod Reiss attempted to spare her by ordering she assume the fake name 'Krista Lenz' and live among Wall Maria refugees.[vol. 12, 13] Historia later joined the 104th Training Corps, presumably to kill herself due to feeling ashamed of herself and her true identity, where she ranked tenth in her class.[ch. 2] Eventually, Ymir, a fellow comrade realized the "good girl" act she put on and made Historia promise to live for herself. She later participated in the defense of Trost in the year 850.[ch. 5, 11][GN p.50] When Ymir revealed herself as a Titan to save her at Castle Utgard, Historia honored the promise they made prior by revealing and accepting her true identity as heir to the Reiss royal family.[vol. 12, 13] Later, she and Eren were abducted by Rod Reiss and brought to his cavern where Titan inheritance ceremonies took place. As his only living heir, Reiss attempts to convince Historia to become a Titan and consume Eren to regain the Coordinate power of the Founding Titan. However, having learned of the Founding Titan's curse of renouncing war due to the 145th King Fritz's shackles, Historia refuses. She rescues Eren and helps the Survey Corps defeat her father after he transforms into a massive Titan, making the killing blow and securing her identity as the true ruler of Eldia.[vol. 16, 17] Historia agrees to the Survey Corps' wishes to assume the throne and uses her status as Queen to relinquish most of her ruling duties to the military while using the money confiscated from disowned nobles to improve the lives of orphans and the homeless.[ch. 70] Historia later accepts Hizuru's conditions to secure Paradis's safe 50-year long progression into the world stage by agreeing to succeed Zeke Yeager as the Beast Titan and to birth several heirs who would continue protecting Paradis in her stead.[ch. 107]
Krista is voiced by Shiori Mikami in the Japanese anime.[10][15] In the Funimation English version, her name is spelled Christa Lenz and she is voiced by Bryn Apprill.[11]
Ymir (ユミル, Yumiru)
A member of the 104th graduating class and romantic partner of Krista.[ch. 36] She remains distant from her other classmates and is both harsh and critical, maintaining an air of indifference. It is strongly hinted at that she held back her abilities during training so that Krista could place tenth in the Training Corps standings.[GB p. 52-53] When titans attack Castle Utgard, Ymir transforms into a 5-meter (16 ft) chimpanzee-like Titan that, despite its smaller size, is nimble enough to take down several large titans with its speed, claws, and teeth.[ch. 41-42]
Prior to the events in the series, Ymir was a nameless Eldian orphan living in Marley who was picked by a cult leader to pose as a royal descendant and religious figurehead. She was given the name Ymir after Ymir Fritz, and lived a peaceful life in comfort, worshiped by members of the cult. When Marleyan security forces later cracked down on the cult, she was scapegoated and sentenced to exile on Paradis as a Pure Titan. Ymir remained a mindless Titan for sixty years (an experience she later described as an "endless nightmare") until one day she chanced upon four teenage Marleyan Warrior infiltrators and devoured one named Marcel Galliard, who happened to possess the Jaw Titan. Consuming a Titan Shifter allowed her to return to her human form, and she decided to live this second life honest only to herself. She later joined the Training Corps and became close with Krista Lenz (Historia Reiss) of whom she is extremely protective. Having overheard church officials talking about Krista's true identity prior to joining the military, Ymir feels connected to her based on their shared past of bearing false names. She openly scolds Krista for living a "false identity" and tells her that the only way to enact revenge on those who hurt her is to live her true life with pride.
When she and Eren are later captured by Reiner and Bertolt, Marcel's friends who bore witness to his death, Ymir expected that she would be killed for stealing the Titan power of their friend and expresses guilt over it. She willingly submits to being taken back to Marley on the condition that she can "rescue" and take Krista with them. However, during the rescue operation to recover Eren, Ymir has a change of heart when Krista tells her that she will live only for herself and feels no fear when Ymir is at her side. No longer wanting to hand Krista over to Marley, Ymir instead leaves her behind and rescues Bertolt and Reiner from a horde of titans before they escape; she feels indebted to them since coming upon their group was the reason she became human again, even though returning to Marley with them will no doubt end her life.[vol. 12] Some time after Krista becomes queen, Ymir sends a letter to her where she states her impending death, likely by another Warrior who will transform into a Titan and eat her to obtain the power she stole. She states that despite her inevitable death, she had no regrets, except from the fact that she was never able to marry Krista. This is later confirmed by Porco Galliard, who reclaimed his brother Marcel's power of the Jaw Titan.[ch. 93]
Ymir is voiced by Saki Fujita in the Japanese version[10] and by Elizabeth Maxwell in the English version.[11]
Floch Forster (フロック・フォルスター, Furokku Forusutā)
A former 104th Training Corps cadet of the Southern Division and a fellow recruit of Eren's group who joined the Garrison Regiment after graduation (like most of the 104th cadets did). After the Survey Corps's uprising and Historia's coronation, he transferred to the Survey Corps as a new recruit where he questions Jean Kirstein during the feast on the eve of the expedition to Shiganshina District; he rhetorically asks whether Jean thinks the Garrison recruits are reliable since increased propaganda for the Scouts has painted them in a different, more positive light. During the operation to recapture Wall Maria, he was assigned to Squad Klaus along with his two friends Gordon and Sandra. He was the only known survivor in Erwin's suicide charge against the Beast Titan, and was the person who carried the mortally wounded commander back to Shiganshina to regroup with other survivors of the battle. After Erwin eventually succumbed to his injuries, he became one of the only nine survivors of the whole operation (the other eight being Squad Levi and Hange Zoe), and was personally decorated by Queen Historia. However, after learning the truth about the basement in Eren's home, he adopted a more vindictive and hateful attitude towards the people outside the wall (as shown by his total disregard for collateral damage during the Battle of Liberio four years later). He becomes a zealous supporter of Eren who he believes is the Eldian nation's only savior, and leads a faction called the Yeagerists which overthrows the previous government. After Eren's message to all of subjects of Ymir Floch declares that the Yeagerists seized the power over Paradis. When Floch learns about plans of an alliance of 104th Training Corps and Warriors to stop the Rumbling he takes Kiyomi Azumabito hostage in the harbour of Paradis, but stumbles on the alliance' resistance. When the alliance successfully drives away the Marleyan warship with the Azumabito's plane from the harbour, Floch silently sneaks to the plane (or to the ship) and shortly after shoots the plane's cove before getting killed by Mikasa.
Floch is voiced by Kenshō Ono in the Japanese version[10] and by Matt Shipman in the English version.[11]